Well, I've been asked to introduce the children, and I got most, because last year I was asked to, and I totally forgot all their names. I was so nervous, even my grandchildren.
So anyway, this is Michael and Jason Lehmann, and Adam and Oren Hunt, they're my grandchildren.
Donna McDonald and Ryan Ducey, Donna's mother is Dr. Jessica, and Ryan's mother is Jennifer, who's in our choir.
And I think you all know that in Wales, children singing is so much appreciated. They start early, and they're included in shopping services, concerts, and in the store.
And many of you remember singing this in in the chapel, and we want to carry on that tradition.
And I think you can all imagine the work and effort that mothers put in.
So we've got, this is the most difficult children's song that we have really realized, but it's so familiar to us.
So all the children go very high, and such is their power. And so they're going to sing, and they look far.
I'm just keeping a plan.
I am not just what I'm doing.
I'm just one easy man.
There is a risk of fun and noise.
I'm hot when I die.
Oh, I'm a young good drop soul.
He's got with all his might.
Yes, he is.
Oh,
yeah.
I'm
the
hot when I die.
Oh,
he's got with all his
I'm
he
hot when I die.
Oh,
yeah.